Issue #2086 - Change default bulkdata directory (#2425)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRServerUsersGuide.md

|`fhirServer/bulkdata/storageProviders/<source>/location`|string|Object store location |
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/storageProviders/<source>/endpointInternal`|string|Object store end point url used to read/write from COS |
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/storageProviders/<source>/endpointExternal`|string|Object store end point url used in the constructed download URLs|

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/storageProviders/<source>/fileBase`|string| The absolute path of the output directory. It may be desirable to set this to a path within a mount point of separate file system if large amounts of data are involved|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/storageProviders/<source>/fileBase`|string| The absolute path of the output directory. It is recommended not to mount this to the root file system or the share a direct volume mount.  For instance, if the volume is /output/bulkdata, use /output/bulkdata/data to ensure a failed mount does not result in writing to the root file system.|
```

Author: Updated.

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/storageProviders/<source>/fileBase`|string| The absolute path of the output directory. It is recommended not to mount this to the root file system or the share a direct volume mount. For instance, if the volume is /output/bulkdata, use /output/bulkdata/data to ensure a failed mount does not result in writing to the root file system.|

Reviewer 2: "or the share a direct volume mount" is awkward

Author: Updated to hopefully less awkward, but still valid, wording.
